---
title: "review 2021"
date: 2022-01-02
categories:
  - life
tags:
  - reflections
---

Bullets in no particular order

- Travelled to Mumbai, lived with friends. Had massive fun. 
    - my friends made me realize that married life can be fun
- Lived with mother and talked to her a lot
    - it is important to know your parents "as a person"
- Had lots of mangoes
    - love langda mango, more than alphonso
- Took fitness more seriously, started lifting regularly:
    - deadlift: increased from 70kg to 105kg
    - squat: increased from 40kg to 70kg
    - pullups: increased from 2 pullups to 10 pullups
    - running / cycling: kept this pretty low, will make progress on this next year
    - animal flow: learnt a fair bit, enjoyed it a lot
- got out of a long term, long distance relationship
    - never let anyone close to you feel lonely
    - long distance is extremely challenging. 
    - The pandemic has had far reaching consequences
- stayed in Bangalore and played lots of basketball alone
- tried to learn skateboarding
    - falling safely is one of the most important skills that we lose as we get old
- lost a dear friend to post COVID complications.
- Faced major anxiety through the second wave of the pandemic.
- Took mother for a trip to Goa, our first leisure travel.
    - Her smile when she saw the sea for the first time in her life was precious.
- wrote a lot to myself regularly
- woke up before sunrise for almost 5 months out of 12
- got promoted to lead data scientist
- bought a car, learnt to drive
- went for a roadtrip with a friend. Covered 2300 in 11 days in Rajasthan
- Travelled to Manali, saw snow for the first time
- survived a car accident, fortunately, without any major damage
- went out on many dates, finally fixed on one person
- read and bought a bunch of graphic novels / comics. loved it
